♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Rubble]"Pups Save a Super Pup."
[howls]
[all] Cool.
[snoring]
Apollo the Super Pup?
Ta-da!
[announcer]
It's time for another adventure of…
Apollo the Super Pup!
Whoa! [grunts]
I love Apollo the Super Pup!
-You comfy, Rubble?
-Yeah.
Thanks, Rocky.
Hey, Rocky, what are you doing down there?
You can share with me.
Thanks, buddy.
No problem.
[announcer] Can Apollo save the day
his own super way?
You can do it, Apollo!
[Rocky grunts]
[howls]
[meows]
He's flying the kitten on his back! Cool!
High five! Oh… [chuckles]
Sorry, Rocky.
No problem.
[announcer] Once again,
Apollo saves the day
his own super way!
Tune in next week
for another exciting episode of…
Apollo the Super Pup!
Wow, that was so amazing.
Isn't Apollo the superest super pup ever?
-He sure is.
-[Ryder] Hey, pups,
-Who wants to play soccer?
-I do!
-Sure.
-Let's go!
[chuckles]
Huh?
Coming, Rubble?
[sighs]
Huh?
Uh, no thanks, Ryder.
I'm going to play Rubble the Super Pup
and save the day my own way!
Hmm… Who can I save?
Farmer Yumi might need
some help around the farm.
Great idea, Ryder.
Okay, Super Rubble.
Rubble the Super Pup is on his way!
[clucking]
[all clucking]
Oh, peach fuzz.
♪ Da da dun, da da dun ♪
Hi, Farmer Yumi.
Need a super pup to save the day?
My chickens flew the coop
when I left the door open.
Can you help, Super Pup?
Don't worry!
Here comes Rubble the Super Pup,
flying across the farm,
on his way to save the day!
-[clucks]
-[barks]
Whoa! [grunts]
[clucks]
[laughs] I'm here to save you.
[clucking]
♪ Da da dun, da da dun ♪
[barks]
-[clucking]
-[barking]
-[clucks]
-Huh?
♪ Da da dun, da da dun ♪
[clucking]
I can give you a ride,
just like Apollo the Super Pup.
Here they come, Farmer Yumi!
[barks] Back in the pen.
Rubble the Super Pup saves the day!
Thanks, Rubble.
You really are a super pup.
Ah.
[grunts] What else can
Rubble the Super Pup do for you?
I'm done my chores,
but Mayor Goodway might need some help.
[gasps] Yeah!
[barks]
Rubble the Super Pup is on his way!
Rubble the Super Pup is here
to save the day!
-Hi, Mayor Goodway.
-Huh?
Rubble, just the pup I need.
The train engineer called
to say there's been a rockslide.
[gasps] A rockslide?
[Goodway]
The train is stuck inside Mountain Tunnel.
Can you get Ryder and the PAW Patrol
and take care of it?
Don't worry, Mayor Goodway.
Rubble is here to save the day!
Thanks, Rubble!
I'll get Ryder and the pups.
Wait.
I don't have to stop Ryder's soccer game.
Rubble the Super Pup
can save the day his own way.
♪ Da da dun, da da dun ♪
[panting]
Rubble the Super Pup
is here to save the day!
There you are, Rubble.
I knew the PAW Patrol would save the day.
Mm-hmm.
But where's your rig
and Ryder and the other pups?
We don't need Ryder and the PAW Patrol.
Rubble the Super Pup can handle this,
just like Apollo the Super Pup does…
on my own.
All by yourself?
Looks like more rocks could come down
if we're not careful.
Stand back. I'll take care
of everything in no time. [pants]
[grunts]
I… just… need to move…
this… boulder!
-Look out!
-Rockslide!
-Oops.
-Are you okay, Rubble?
I'm fine,
but the tunnel is blocked.
We have to get out the other end. Quickly!
[panting]
Too late,
the other entrance is blocked too.
Now we're completely trapped.
Aw, I'm sorry.
I thought I could do it myself.
I didn't save the day.
I just made everything worse.
[whimpering]
That's okay, Rubble.
You were just trying to help.
[sighs] What should we do now?
Call Ryder and the PAW Patrol!
[barks] Ryder? Ryder?
[laughing]
[panting]
Whoa! [grunts]
[cheering]
[phone rings]
-[beeps]
-Hi, Rubble.
Hi, Ryder.
I need the PAW Patrol on the double.
Why are you in the dark?
There was a rockslide.
I'm trapped in the mountain tunnel
with the engineer.
Can you and the PAW Patrol get us out?
[Ryder] Don't worry, Rubble.
No job is too big. No pup is too small.
-We're on our way.
-[beeps]
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
[barks] Close Pup Pack.
[all barking]
One, two, three, four?
Wait for me! Whoa! [grunts]
Five. One of us is missing.
[gasps]
Is it me?
[all laugh]
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
Well, most of the PAW Patrol.
We're one pup short, Ryder.
I know, pups.
This time we have to save Rubble.
-Rubble?
-Huh?
[beeps]
There was a rockslide
at the mountain tunnel.
Rubble tried to fix it all by himself.
That's too big a problem
to take care of alone.
Now he and the engineer are trapped.
[beeps]
Chase, I need your winch
to move the bigger rocks out of the way.
Chase is on the case.
[beeps]
And, Zuma, I need you
to drive Rubble's rig.
Me?
We need his truck to move
the rest of the rocks
once we get him out.
Zuma, uh… on the double.
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
[all barking]
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[howls]
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-Whoo! Yeah! Yay!
[barks]
-♪ Chase! ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-[siren blares]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Zuma! ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
[tires squeal]
[siren blaring]
[music slows to a stop]
Whoa, dudes!
How do you work this thing?
I got it!
[music resumes]
[siren blaring]
Hey, was that my rig?
-[creaking]
-[Zuma] It's cool, dude. All good.
-Zuma, be careful!
-[chuckles nervously]
Chase, see if you can make Rubble an exit.
I'm all set. [barks]
Start it up!
[barks]
Great job, Chase.
Rubble, can you squeeze through?
[grunts]
-Thanks, Ryder. Now, where's my rig?
-Right there.
Oops! [chuckles]
-[creaking]
-[gasps]
-[chuckles nervously]
[groans]
Whoa!
Okay, Zuma.
Hey, Rubble. Wanna take it from here?
[chuckles]
[barks]
Rubble on the double!
Okay, Rubble, you know what to do.
[barks]
[howls]
[train whistle blows]
Whoo-hoo!
[all cheering]
Rubble, you did it!
You saved the day… your way!
You mean I helped save the day,
the PAW Patrol way!
[both] Mm-hmm!
You're right. Thanks, Ryder,
and you too, pups.
You're welcome.
Whenever you're in trouble,
just yelp for help.
[train whistle blows]
-Ah!
-Oh, yeah, that's the spot.
Ah!
Hey, who wants to play Frisbee?
-I do.
-Me too.
Let's all play together,
the PAW Patrol way.
♪ You're all good pups ♪
-♪ And we saved the day ♪
-[barking]
♪ And now it's time to play
Around Adventure Bay ♪
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
[theme music playing]